hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
the series where I teach English while
trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up and in this video
we're going to go fishing fishing
but first I've played a little bit off
camera and I have some things to show
you
first of all I've done a lot of work on
the house
I've built some doors doors
out of the cherry blossom wood
I've built some stairs right here this
is a staircase that goes up to the
upstairs
so let's go upstairs right now
up up
this is the upstairs
and all that I have here right now is
furnaces I have furnaces in the upstairs
of my house
and in the future I'm going to build
lots of chests here
this is going to be my chest room I'm
going to put chests here and here and
here but for right now all that I have
up here
is these furnaces hmm
I've built some fences right here
once again out of the cherry blossom
wood
these are cherry fences
and I've also placed torches all around
my house
torches torches
there are also some torches out there
torch torch torch right here I placed
some dirt blocks because zombies and
skeletons and other monsters kept on
attacking me while I was trying to build
my house
So I placed dirt right here so that
monsters couldn't get inside
let's go out the doors
and I have something else to show you
see look at all the Torches that I
placed outside
torch torch
torch
these torches will make it so that
monsters don't spawn here
next to my house
oh hello B
creeper oh
oh
I'm running to the water
because creepers don't destroy blocks
when they explode in the water
see
well
[Music]
I didn't think that the creeper would
hurt me if it exploded in the water
clearly I was wrong
well
now I'll pick up all of my things
all right I picked up all of my things
and now I have something else to show
you
look at this
ta-da
I built a little fishing shack right
here
there's a dock that I built out of the
cherry wood right here
right here there's a barrel
I built a boat
with a chest
and right here this is the fishing shack
this sign says fishing inside the
fishing shack there is a chest that I
will put my fishing pole in
and there are also Barrels right here
and right here there are two barrels
that all put fish in
right here there's a bed so that when it
starts to get dark
I can go to sleep so that I don't get
exploded by a creeper again
and there's a little Lantern right here
for light
so in this video I'm going to go fishing
right here on the dock
but first I'm going to sleep because
it's starting to get dark
stars are coming out
and the Sun is going down
time to sleep
and it's morning
all right
I have on my fishing hat and my fishing
shirt so I'm ready to fish
I'm going to get out my fishing rod
and cast my line and see what I can
catch
cast
that is my fishing line
now I need to watch carefully
oh
I caught a cod
so when I'm fishing I need to watch
carefully for bubbles
when the bubbles get close to my fishing
line it will pull the fishing line under
the water and then I can catch the fish
so I need to watch carefully there's
bubbles
there we go another Cod I've already
caught two fish
okay
a salmon that's a different kind of fish
that's three fish that I've caught so
far
let's see what else I can find in this
River
I can see some squids over there and
some fish swimming
In this River so I think this will be a
good spot to fish
here we go
another Cod
all right that's four fish that I've
caught so far
I'm going to need lots of fish for food
another salmon
that's three Cod and two salmon so far
another Cod
four Cod now
there are lots of cod In this River
another Cod
all right a salmon
so far the only thing that I've caught
has been fish but I know that you can
catch other things when fishing
[Applause]
another Cod that six Cod that I've
caught now
okay this time I'm going to cast my line
this direction
over by these fish
cast
all right let's see what I can catch
here
whoa what was that
I caught a saddle down there in the
river
Saddles are used to ride animals like
horses and even pigs
all right this is awesome
whoa
hello squid
what are you doing squid
this squid is flying
it's a flying squid
all right
here we go
another Cod
I'm going to cast my line far away this
time
far
all right
let's see what I oh
I caught some rotten flesh
this is flesh this is my flesh
rotten flesh is what you get when you
kill zombies
hmm
why is there rotten flesh down there in
this River
weird
another Cod
another Cod all right I'm going to jump
on top of this wood block
jump
and fish from up here
I'm going to cast My Line This Way
here we go the bubbles are getting close
another Cod
I'm going to try to catch that fish
right there
oh
whoa
okay it doesn't work
one more catch and then I need to go to
sleep because the Sun is going down
one more
I'll cast my lion this way
it's getting really dark now
here we go
a salmon
yup salmon all right oh
sleep
I can't sleep because that zombie is
down there
so I need to kill it
die
all right
I killed the zombie all right
let's go back to my fishing shack and
sleep
all right that was a good first day of
fishing
day number two
I wonder what I will catch today
[Music]
another Cod okay
there are tons of cod In this River
another Cod I'm going to cast my line
over there where the water is deeper
cast
another Cod of course
oh here we go
whoa
I caught a bow a bow
and this bow is Enchanted with magical
powers but it's almost broken
I wonder if there's a way to repair
this bow
I'll have to look it up on Google
awesome
wow
okay
now I'm going to get in my boat right
here
oops
I caught my boat with my fishing rod
wow I can pull my boat using the fishing
rod
cool
all right I'm in the boat
now I'm going to sail this way a little
bit
Maybe
right here
okay
let's see if I can catch anything
different over here
I'm going to get right next to my line
a Cod let's go this way
come on fish
come on
I don't even know what I caught
um
probably just another
Cod
let's go this way
okay I'm going to sail underneath
this mountain
where it's a little bit darker
and cast my line
oh
that was a different kind of fish
that was a puffer fish
cool I don't know what you can do with
puffer fish
but I'll figure it out
a good thing I have Google
all right
let's try again
oh I can see some cold down there
right there
there's some coal
whoa
is that lapis
I think that's lapis right there
I didn't know that you could get lapis
this close to the surface
I thought that lapis was further down
another Cod
all right
let's continue sailing this way
I'm going to sail quite a bit further
down this River
through here
I'm going to try fishing here
cast
here we go
another saddle
awesome
and let's try again right here
to see if I can catch another saddle
hello cow hello
a Cod
all right I'm going to sail towards
these squids
squids
and cast my line here
squid
here we go
another Cod
let's sail this way towards the cows
all right cow
I'm going to fish with my friends the
cow
um
let's fish buddy
quit
what are you doing squid
oh it's raining
oh
another enchanted bow
wow
this bow has two enchantments on it it
has power
four
and Unbreaking three
and once again it's almost broken
wow
okay it's raining
I'm going to get back in my boat
but I think that the rain is good for
fishing
so I'm going to continue fishing tonight
another puffer fish
I'm going to sail back to my fishing Hut
because it's a little bit safer
I'm getting a little bit scared with
this Darkness
but
I don't see any monsters around
so that's good
all right back to my fishing Hut
my fishing Hut
I'm going to get off of my boat
and
begin fishing
oh
it's another zombie
go away
okay I need to kill this zombie die
die die die die die die
there we go and back to fishing
cast
I'm going to cast my line close to me
because it's difficult to see when it's
raining
oh no another zombie
go away
a puffer fish
go away zombie
can't you see that I'm trying to fish
here we go another Cod I think that I'm
catching fish faster in the rain
yeah
I'm catching the fish really fast
these zombies are scaring me
another Cod
another puffer fish wow I've caught four
puffer fish
okay let's continue fishing
another puffer fish
okay let's try this direction now
there are so many zombies
whoa
whoa I caught
a leather
a piece of leather
interesting
another puffer fish okay
Cod
whoa
okay what did I just catch
a fishing rod that's Enchanted
with the enchantment mending
I think that mending is a great
enchantment
I think that mending repairs the fishing
rod when you collect XP
ow I'm going to try using this fishing
rod instead of my old fishing rod
Wow Let's try using it
yeah
I think that it repaired the fishing rod
a little bit
I'm going to try it again
yeah
okay I caught a water bottle
I'm going to drink this water
because it's very important to remember
to drink water
always remember to stay hydrated
and let's continue fishing
wow this is great
this is definitely the best time to fish
when it's raining
Cod
oh
come on fish
foreign
fish oh okay
die die die die die
where's the other one
there it is die die oh
die die die
and die
awesome yeah look at my fishing rod now
it's almost all fixed
another zombie
die
whoa that zombie was holding a shell
a nautilus shell
it's turning day again
I'm going to continue fishing
this rain is great
pod
a puffer fish okay
salmon
okay
I've tried fishing next to flying squids
I've tried fishing in the deep water
over there I've tried fishing in my boat
I've fished on the dock
now I'm going to try fishing underwater
cast my line
all right fish where are you
uh
I caught a salmon underwater
all right this is the best way to fish
ing underwater
another salmon
oh I need to breathe
and back under
oh
I was drowning
all right back on the dock
jump
what will I catch next
whoa
that was a different fish
tropical fish once again I don't know
what to do with a tropical fish
oh I fell off of the dock
a salmon
where are you fish
where are you
come here fish come here
oh
um
probably a Cod
swim swim swim
all right
a puffer fish
oh
I got it salmon
another puffer fish
30 Cod
more rotten flesh
there's a lot of rotten flesh down here
in this River
I guess there are a lot of zombies down
there
oh
stopped raining
which means that I might be catching
fish a little bit slower now
I definitely think that the rain helped
another puffer fish
okay
now I'm going to try catching a fish
from really far away
I'm going to climb up this mountain
up there
and try to catch a fish from up there
all right
now I'm really far away
from the river
let's see if I can catch a fish from
clear up here
cast
so tiny I can hardly see it
I need binoculars
oh
whoa
not only did I catch something from up
here but I caught a magical fishing pole
let's look at it
whoa
lure three Unbreaking three
and the curse of Vanishing
this fishing rod is cursed the curse of
Vanishing means if I die while holding
this fishing rod it vanishes it
disappears wow oh it's getting dark
okay
I'm going to dive into the river
oops I threw my sword on accident
jump
well
instead of diving into the river
I landed
right here
on this dirt
and died
that is the second time that I've died
in this video
ah oh no
which means
which means that my magical fishing pole
that had the curse of Vanishing
vanished
foreign
[Music]